welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead world beyond
episode one it's the newest walking dead
spin-off show set ten years after the
apocalypse starring a bunch of teenagers
if you're a longtime adult walking dead
fan who's kind of curious to see how
this ties into the larger walking dead
universe including the helicopters that
took rick grimes away but you don't
really want to invest the time to watch
it because it looks like kind of a dumb
teenage show
i got you our story begins at nebraska
state university which is a real
successful survivor's colony these kids
even have classes and stuff though it's
not all happy fun times outside the
walls the zombie apocalypse is still
raging today's a very big day though as
they're welcoming a representative from
the civic republic
yes that's the group with the
helicopters that theoretically has rick
grimes they're still very much a mystery
though you see their three circle logo
theoretically represents the alliance of
three big survivor's colonies
omaha of which this university campus is
an offshoot one in portland but the
civic republic they won't even tell
anyone where they're based now our main
character is iris
student council president and a real
go-getter her sister hope is the rebel
type who's brewed an impressive amount
of homemade alcohol and does not trust
this civic republic you see their dad's
a big-time scientist who left a few
months ago to go help the civic republic
do science stuff but because they're so
secretive about everything they won't
even let him contact his daughters in
fact he set up a beeper attached to this
old printer to let them know he's okay
in fact that night he sends a mysterious
message
my safety not assured now the
representative is lieutenant colonel
elizabeth kubrick who's trying to be
real friendly call me elizabeth to try
to build some trust with the girls she
shares a secret
their father's working somewhere in new
york state on a super secret science
thing now today's a big holiday it's
monument day that marks 10 years since
the start of the zombie apocalypse iris
calls it the day the sky fell because
like a plane fell out of the sky on her
iris feels bad because she let her
sister's hand go which led to their mom
dying but hope's drama is worse she's
never told her sister this but their mom
wasn't killed by zombies she was killed
by another woman who
shot her and out of fear and rage hope
shot that woman so yeah she's already
been through the ringer anyway the girls
got a follow-up message from their dad
things have gone bad here he tells them
to stay put but
you know they're going on an adventure
to rescue him but they're not going
alone they recruit their fellowship
it's this nerdy smart kid named elton
and this big nice socially awkward guy
silas they've never really been outside
the walls of the campus colony before so
they're off on an adventure to the world
beyond they find something interesting
on their very first
night it's elton's old triceratops horn
from when he was a kid
what yes his mom died the night of the
zombie apocalypse and turns out she
was the woman that killed their mom and
then hope killed gonna be drama there
later but for now he ties the horn to a
stick and makes a good old-fashioned
zombie killing weapon by the way there
are two adults on the show felix and
huck from campus security who are on
their own mission now to bring the kids
back but back at the campus colony the
civic republic has massacred
everyone guess they really are the bad
guys they tell elizabeth they can't find
the kids and she says good so what's her
deal what's going on
find out next time on the walking dead
world beyond
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap hit the join button to
support the channel as a member